[Music]
very good What's up good afternoon family
Good afternoon how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart I hope you
're having a spectacular day
I hope you're enjoying in any
way you can this
strange long weekend this long weekend that they've given us
this week that there's one day on and one day off
is a holiday and it's like well but
why don't we take the whole week
off Well now I'm going to have lunch
with the family but I'm going to leave
some news here so that you don't miss it pay
attention because what
Isabel Gómez said today our dearest Isabel to whom we
send a huge kiss I know that she
listens to us in the morning with
Federico can change everything can
change everything or not Or I don't know or
some blindfold can fall off from her eyes
we can understand better one or another thing I do
n't know family I'm going to tell you I'm
going to reproduce it in what she said and
then you can draw your own
conclusions before continuing with the
video thank you all for the
support that we had the live show last night
was spectacular I'll be loving
Tuesdays with Marina and you guys
too  remind you all that you have a
little button there that says subscribe so
you can subscribe basically okay it's
absolutely free it doesn't cost any money
and if you want to support the channel
financially then you become a member give
a super thank you or do whatever you want
family let's get down to business
that possibility has
apparently been told by Beatriz
Cortazar to Isabel or
Beatriz Isabel told it yesterday in the afternoons Confirming
today okay but the exclusive would be from
Beatriz Cortázar Isabel González is
reproducing it
absolutely she is going to get more profit
even more profit from this whole story in
which Jorge is starting to look
good I don't know if you are a little
I really here
to see regarding what Isabel is saying
that Alba Carrillo is getting
more profit even more profit and that she is going to
get more profit let's
see I don't think that Alba Carrillo has
gotten too much profit from all this in
fact from what I understand Alba
Carrillo has been good that she hasn't given
any exclusive so far she hasn't
profited at all from the subject she
has spoken about the subject in all the places
where
she works for the same salary that she was already doing at least that's what has been emphasized in all the interventions and in all the programs that have been talking about the subject Alba Carrillo has been speaking on her program at noon as a collaborator and in the podcast on duty in this
podcast of lentima that makes
cornadores
that there no, the girl will not earn much
the truth is things as they are and then at the
party although she did not appear yesterday I think she did
not appear because I don't know she did not want to show her
face she already passed her over the subject or whatever it
is which is very strange on
Alba Carrillo's part because the truth is she
usually has very little shame a lot of
nerve No, it's not to mess with her but she
usually has a lot a lot of nerve
no, no, she doesn't cut him off no So
I don't know, I don't think that
the girl has gotten too involved either,
however, on Jorge's part, you can
see that he is not answering the
calls from the producer
you know, not wanting to talk
anywhere, to me what Jorge is doing does
smell a bit like Agustín's strategy
you know that they are the lawyer's strategies
that they are is that  I just got up are you
going to forgive me but Too much I'm
here with you telling things okay
strategies of the representative who you already
know is the same representative as
Olga and if I notice and also I
was talking to Marina last night he's
following a bit of a Pattern not the one of
Silence I don't talk I don't know what And
suddenly traca pulls out an exclusive that
let's say they already have their wallets full
for two or three years you know
a kitten who arrived in Madrid lost
the night he's not the only one the story of
citizens and it was practically the same
Federico who tells you in a
simpler way not more direct no let's see Jorge
Pérez
doesn't seem like the most intelligent in the class I
mean he's very handsome he has a very good
body and all that stuff
Jorge don't hit me for saying this
with that arm which is a ham but
really let's see smarter the smartest in
the class doesn't seem like it that's what he has No
yes it's true that maybe it could
be that suddenly he saw himself in
the world it was seen that there are
people telling him that he's very handsome that he crashed the
other  no and he's lost it he's
clouded his head and he's trusted
people in fact he always acts
perfect like Oh my friends nobody lets me down
and he starts hooking up with Alba Carrillo
in front of the whole Telecinco team
there not of his whole production company that in the
end it doesn't matter even if they don't become
TV factories it's that it speaks of the
heart and in the end if not One is another it's
crazy I mean to start
cheating on your wife at a
work party where your work is the heart
Hello I mean like one thing maybe it's that he
cheats on your wife while you
're at a party with your
work colleagues and you work in a small
bakery that I'm five you know but
your job is unique I mean your job
is Telecinco and Telecinco programs and you
have no choice but to hook up with your
colleague cheating on your
partner
in front of the whole production company I mean
mule The kid wasn't the truth
from Barcelona and he gets lost in the nights
godmother is trying to
pull me together I need time and I need to
pull myself together if he pulls himself together by
Saturday let's see  I
really don't know what
you all think, I really want
Alba to go to the deluxe, honestly, I
do because
lately the electricity people
aren't playing too many games, it's
true that they're already exploiting this issue
Maybe they're stretching it out
too much but I think that this
issue still has a long way to go because
we're talking about what Jorge has
spoken to us about So I'll tell you, okay,
I see Jorge in a huge
exclusive, I'm not going to tell you on
Sálvame because no, I don't see it, I don't see that as
his style, he Sálvame, you know, I don't see
that as his style Alba Carrillo on
Sálvame has a huge problem with
Jorge Javier would have to present it
another presenter okay But anyway, I'm not
ruling it out, money is money listen to me, he's
doing it for nothing on
his program
two weeks ago Well, he won't appear
yesterday Marina said it, he, he, I think he will
also do it this week in the magazine with which
Agustín has the most trust, the most dealings And it's more Jorge's style, I
think, eh, more than Jorge's  light and reading and
those little windows in the magazines indicate
that also that these things we never
know if they are true or not that they would be
negotiating a reality show
the other day also that they had some
pretty strong offers on the table but of
course at the moment if this has come to them
then they will be in the middle of a
marriage discussion sorting out their things and so on
and at the moment they don't have the
head to negotiate that but
once everything has calmed down and
everything has settled and so on then Hey
listen to me Now the horns Well they are not
the thing is set at least we are going to take
advantage and we are going to put the
maximum
benefit possible in the house No, since at
least we have had the bad side which is that they cheat on
me Well look
put money in the house guys
so as not to see that the future of your life of
your children etcetera cannot be played
in that way
It's that also literally I don't know if
The kid not picking up the phone to
Unicorn and these things
I don't know if he thinks it's a good
idea I want to think that it's a
strategy of Agustín but the
truth is that we are going to see my son your
job is  This world, your work is the
heart and in the end you're going to have to
end up talking or I do
n't know if he can return to the Civil Guard
but the standard of living of returning to
the Civil Guard is not going to be what he's been
leading working on TV. So
I think that at any moment he'll
change his chip and start talking,
okay, I mean, I'm very clear about it, in fact.
Well, family, what do you think? I'll
be reading the comments box. It
seems to me that this topic still has
a lot to talk about, everything can turn around
when Jorge talks and suddenly tells
things that he told the other night or that
are different. So, well,
we're here waiting. I send you a
huge hug and until the next video.
[Music]